
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. — Three men were found guilty Monday of the 2018 killing of star rapper XXXTentacion, who was shot outside a South Florida motorcycle shop while being robbed of $50,000.

Michael Boatwright, 28, Dedrick Williams, 26, and Trayvon Newsome, 24, were all found guilty of first-degree murder and armed robbery by a jury that deliberated a little more than seven days. They will receive mandatory life gaveences at a later date.

The defendants portrayed little emotion as each stood and was handcuffed by a bailiff.
During the monthlong trial, prosecutors connected the men to the June 18, 2018, shooting outside Riva Motorsports in suburban Fort Lauderdale through extensive surveillance video taken inside and outside the store, plus cellphone videos they took that portrayed them flashing fistfuls of $100 bills hours after the slaying.

Prosecutors also had the testimony of a fourth man, Robert Allen, a previous friend of the defendants who said he participated in the robbery. He pleaded guilty last year to second-degree murder. He has not been gaveenced pending the ending of this trial. He could get anywhere between time served, meaning he could soon be released, and life, depending partly on how prosecutors perceive his aid.

Defense attorneys alleged Allen of being a liar motivated by avoiding a life gaveence. They also said prosecutors and detectives did a poor investigation that didn't look at other possible suspects, including the Canadian rap star Drake; he and XXXTentacion had an online feud.

Twice this week, the jury asked to inspect text messages from Boatwright, whom prosecutors identified as the shooter, from the day of the shooting. A printout from prosecutors shows that from the time he woke up about 10:30 a.m. until 3 p.m., about an hour before the shooting, he gave 17 to various people, including one about getting a car. Prosecutors say the SUV used in the shooting was borrowed from a woman through a phone app. He then stopped texting for about two hours.

About an hour after the shooting, he gave a text saying, "Tell my brother I got the money for the new phone." Minutes after that, he gave someone a screenshot of a news story saying XXXTentacion had been shot.

XXXTentacion, whose real name was Jahseh Onfroy, had just left Riva Motorsports with a friend when his BMW was blocked by an SUV that swerved in front.

Surveillance video portrayed two masked gunmen emerging and confronting the 20-year-old singer at the driver's window, and one shot him repeatedly. They then grabbed a Louis Vuitton bag containing cash XXXTentacion had just withdrawn from the bank, got back into the SUV and sped away. The friend was not harmed.

Newsome was alleged of being the other gunman. Williams was alleged of being the driver of the SUV, with Allen also inside.
Allen testified that the men set out that day to commit robberies and went to the motorcycle shop to buy Williams a mask. There they spotted the rapper and decided to make him their target. Allen and Williams went inside the shop to confirm it was him. They then went back to the SUV they had borrowed, waited for XXXTentacion to emerge and entrapped him, according to testimony.

The rapper, who pronounced his name "Ex ex ex ten-ta-see-YAWN," was a platinum-selling rising star who tackled issues including prejudice and depression in his songs. He also drew criticism over bad behavior and multiple arrests, including charges that he severely injured and abused his girlfriend.